hi there my name is crystal and I'm a
sophomore and the biomedical student I
live here in Aspen Hall so let's take a
tour hi there
Aspen is one of the newest residence
halls and it's open to any major and
it's located right handy in academic
village let's go take a look at my room
so as you can see we have giant doors
here that lead to our closets lots of
space for everything you need we've got
our own sink and cabinet space for
everything you need to hold and then we
also share rooms so this is my lovely
roommate healthy healthy what do you
like best about living here I don't feel
like the size of the room the best we
have enough space for all of our things
we have our couch as well and our
posters so it's definitely a good size
one of my favorite things is our
gorgeous view you can see the mountains
you can see Horsetooth you can see the
engineering dorm right here another
favorite is the wireless internet which
is really useful to do all your
schoolwork and maybe facebooking
everything you need and then we also
have our mini fridge and I microwave so
it's basically kitchen room living
everything you need also we have our own
private bathrooms because Aston is a
coed dorm so we've got lots of space in
here and you don't have to worry about
showers in the morning and this is how
Aspen is it's wonderful we live right
close to ram's horn which is super
convenient it's got food till really
late in the morning we don't have to
cook clean our dishes it's very handy
and great for a late-night study snack
so this is our Aspen hangout room
it's our lounge it's very close to our
laundry which is quick and easy down the
hall
we've got foosball a large screen TV
pool and of course ping-pong and we do
lots of different activities such as a
few nights ago we made liquid nitrogen
ice cream so this is one of many Aspen
study lounges
there's several on each floor plus 2
study rooms and as you can see we have a
large screen TV extra couches chairs for
everything you need whether it's card
party or a study session and also as I
mentioned before there's many double
rooms which have two roommates each but
there are also a few closets which have
four people in each of them and the
shared study space and as you can see
you can view all of academic village
from here